Depression
Depression is a mood disorder that causes a persistent feeling of sadness and loss of interest.

what is depression?
Depression is a major depressive disorder or clinical depression, it affects how you feel, think and behave and can lead to a variety of emotional and physical problems. You may have trouble doing normal day-to-day activities, and sometimes you may feel as if life isn't worth living.

who is motivation?
A mood disorder

attempt to suicide
Speak with someone today iCALL Hours: Mon—Sat, 10 AM—8 PM. Languages: English, Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati, Bengali, Tamil. 9152987821

motivation
Motivation is a pathway to change our way of thinking, feeling, and behaving

I am depressed
If you are going through depression, it's best to get help from a therapist. 

less motivated or no motivation
There is  famous saying "Believe in yourself!". Learn more about https://www.oberlo.com/blog/motivational-quotes

depression quotes
Tough times are a part of person's life. Practice meditation and spend time with nature.

I want to commit suicide
Tough times are a part of person's life. Suicide is not an option. 


Remedy for depression
Consult a therapist,practice yoga, read motivational quotes, talk with someone who can comfort you, Have good foods.

Remedy for suicidal tendency
Contact ICall or contact a therapist

I am not happy with my life
Change Your Mindset,End Rumination and Engage in Problem Solving

my personal life not good
introspect on your life,talk to your friend.

How to get motivated?
Make things less stressful by starting with just a small task. When you really don’t feel like getting started, it’s better to set yourself up for a quick win. Never think about suicide or depression. You can and You will.

Quotes and messages
Optimism is the faith that leads to a healthy life. Read more about https://www.oberlo.com/blog/motivational-quotes

commit suicide
no please. Life is precious

I hate everything
Practice yoga

Motivate me
Just get started and let the motivation catch up with you.Start small if big leads you to procrastinating and win.

I am  loser
Dont be negative. Always make a better version of yourself.



mail
For further details dro a mail at motivationbot.@gmail.com